Tell that to Nintendo Switch

I don't even want Switch Games. Give me a damn poster.
Or an Amiibo of my mii.
Or a T-shirt that says "I signed up for My Nintendo and all I got was this shirt"

Brandon Sanderson finished Wheel of Time right around the same time as he published The Way of Kings.
I'd try The Way of Kings again. It's a slow start but definitely worth it. Or you could read some of his other books like Mistborn. u/mistborn, care to chime in?

The Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker HD
I just passed 200 hours on Breath of the Wild and needed a change of scene. This game is just so damn charming.

r/WholesomePeopleFuckingDying

Or Wii DS.
Because it was a Double Screened Wii.

This isn't a bit of fantasy. Mormons actually believe some day the faith will claim their own planet that every Mormon can live on in blissful happiness, away from the rest of humanity.
Um... What? No... We really really don't.
We do, however, believe in the second coming of Christ and that the world will come to accept him as God. That isn't even a Mormon belief. That's something most sects of Christianity believe in.

I'm currently preparing for a mission and I'm from Utah. We're not all crazy! Just most of us are.... :/

Am Mormon. You're not wrong. For some reason the group gets a very "us verses them" mentality. It's absolutely not Christ-like and totally not what the church teaches.
It's probably my least favorite thing about my religion.

/r/GTBAE

/r/ATBGE

BYU fan here. What does that have to do with this?

Galaxy Note 3.
Source: have one.

From 2006???

What's wrong with you?

We don't sound like cowboys. At least not every region in that list sounds like cowboys.

Here it is!

Even if it "originated" there doesn't mean that it isn't an accent.
Besides that the General American accent includes basically all of the west and specifically omits much of the northeast.
Source

How about "America's Choir" singing the Star Spangled Banner?
https://youtu.be/cCG8E6bIzig

r/subredditsashashtags

Utah accepts. But we warn you that if you do this again we will annex you.

We even got points on the board!

Hey no way! So do we!

If only we were playing half court football...

I dunno... Mangum was a starter Mendenhall's last year after Taysom's third season ender. He was doing really well then. So maybe it is Detmer...

And hard mode.

Apparently not 17. And it seems as though the Gerudo are. You know, the thieves?

!redditsilver

Seeing this just makes me want to have more enemies again. Like, you know what would be cool?
A Darknut that had a baby with a Guardian.

It's like the Triforce quest. Except this time you have no map and there's 120 of them.

Who ever said capitalism was perfect? It's not. Capitalism with checks works because we're here and not in awful shape either.
Unchecked socialism would end up failing just like unchecked capitalism would.

Same in America! Many of the states have laws forbidding it yet people do it anyway.

Terminal Emulator. Run the rar/zip/7zip commands directly.

I think /r/prequalmemes is the new meta...

Those guards are called Guardians. A name that they stole for Breath of the Wild and somehow made something even more terrifying.
Until you learn you can one shot them by perfect shielding their lasers.

So much for the Triforce of courage...

remindme! 1 day

I wish we had that rule. One of our part time baggers is 35 and will come into work on his off days wearing a shirt that says "9/11 was an inside job"
Suffice it to say we pretend that we don't know him when he comes in that shirt. Or whenever anybody brings up anything having to do with Chemtrails.

Woosh

Like Clorox. Wait...

I understood that reference!
Source

What the hell is wrong with you?

This is correct.
Turbocharged and Supercharged engines can also melt using lower octane fuel.
Also, in my State (Utah) we sell 85 octane fuel for older carbureted engines. At the higher elevation most 87 rated cars could use the cheaper fuel.
So the fuel you use also depends on location as well as the type of car. Sauce

http://imgur.com/KqT3pup.jpg

Saw the same thing from Salt Lake City Utah, to Idaho Falls Idaho!

/r/subredditsashashtags

In my state is it illegal for trucks and cars hauling trailers to be in the left lane or the left two lanes if we have a multi-lane highway.
So maybe the truck drivers should learn some patience and respect.

I work at a grocery store that sells Tillamook ice cream and people don't believe me when I say it's the best ice cream we sell.
Sucks to be them, it just means more White Chocolate Raspberry for me.

USDA Choice Ground Beef. If you can get it fresh ground in the store even better.
Even more flipping delicious.
Also plant based, FTW.

I am a leftie that just got into fountain pens. The Pilot Iroshizuku ink dries faster than any ballpoint ink I've used.
It basically eliminated smearing with that change. On top of that you can learn to change your writing style to further prevent smearing.

I am a leftie that just got into fountain pens. The Pilot Iroshizuku ink dries faster than any ballpoint ink I've used and it comes in so many colors.
On top of that you can learn to change your writing style to further prevent smearing.

Can confirm, am a leftie too. The Pilot Iroshizuku ink dries faster than any ballpoint ink I've used and it comes in so many colors.

I raise your Ti Arto body with my Pilot Metropolitan. I got a bottle of ink. Also set for life, and my pen is better.

This is the correct answer.

I've been there thank you, I found it quite nice!

Username checks out.

Being someone who works in a grocery store, I second this.
If you bring your barking dog into our store we will kick you out. We're not idiots, we know when it's a service dog.

Redditor for one week
I'll let it pass this time.

If he wasn't banned in everything but legacy, that is.

It probably could. But that would make it less inconvenient for everyone else.

Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.

Go now. Eat at Smitty's. Um... The falls that give the city its name are pretty cool.

No kidding. Pocatello is going to have its population quadrupled. And yeah... I'm going to IF too. I have family there. It's going to be crowded as hell.

I wouldn't call it the Confederate Flag. But that's because It wasn't

While they may not be members of the Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei, they're still Nazis.

Back to Back World War Champs!

This would be what you're looking for.
Also all of u/WaterGuy12's posts and comments have been gilded. So that's cool.

(Actually, I guess Wikipedia does a pretty good job.)
Even so... You can tell which articles were edited by those who think we're devil worshippers.

Yeah! It's getting an eclipse in less than two weeks! The population of the state will quadruple from tourists alone!

In my state we have a food side and a cash side on our EBT food stamp card. Cash can be used for anything.

Did Marching Band and Color Guard. Can confirm.

It makes me happy that a fellow Cougar Fan made this. I've been wondering the same thing.

IIRC it means "If I Remember Correctly"

He didn't do it. OP is a liar.

Five times. You can hit five times.

The planet where cops are government employees. And their employers are therefore bound by the constitution.

Yeah. But not because they're under investigation. People also don't lose their jobs for investigations. Which is exactly why cops get paid leave.

It also says nothing about losing your house,
but I'm sure if you had your house taken from you during a police investigation or trial because "you might be guilty" you'd be pretty damn mad.

No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury...
nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law;
Yeah. No. There it is. Amendment V.

Kinda. I thought GMT and UTC were different? Even if one was based off the other.

The graphics and sound are okay. But the tutorial took 18 years and the characters and story suck.

remindme! 1 week

Actual Latter Day Saint here, can confirm. We do not affiliate with the FLDS people at all. They are much of the reason people think Mormons are polygamists. We're not.

You say this sarcastically, but you should read some of the cut content. A full story on it can be found here
Including such highlights as:
Timmy Troutbeck and "a rather bumptious little boy called Wilbur Rice", backed by their vile parents, shout abuse at Willy Wonka's warnings,
scramble into the wagons, and are carried off through a hole in the wall.
"That hole," said Mr Wonka, "leads directly to what we call the Pounding and Cutting Room.
In there the rough fudge gets tipped out of the wagons into the mouth of a huge machine. The machine then pounds it against the floor until it is all nice and smooth and thin. After that, a whole lot of knives come down and go chop chop chop, cutting it up into neat little squares, ready for the shops."
Apparently some of the cut content was even more gruesome.

This top level comment is not an explanation. I came here to read about liquids in containers. This has nothing to do with that. Thank you for proving your point.

I did this with pineapple last night! Took me fifteen minutes to get a bloody case out.

This is my partner Burton Guster.

Ah. A Jack Sparrow reference.
Edit: Damn bot.

That's the same guy that did Zelda Reorchestrated! I love that guy!

So in retribution for students wasting your teaching time, you're going to waste another teacher's teaching time. Brilliant!

As a Utahan I want this.

Is he cool?

Username Checks out.

This one probably does.

William Brewster? I'm related to William Brewster.
Edit: just looked it up, I'm a direct decedent of William Brewster. He's a great-grandfather

I'm a cashier, I announce that I'm opening a lane and say that I will help whomever gets there first. Usually people are polite about it.

I was a checker closing the express lane the other day. I was standing in front of it and politely telling people that the lane was closed and that I was just waiting to rope off the cashier's lane.
(There was one final customer in line who was, by the nature of the length of the line, in the way of the rope).
A man walks up to me with a cart full of stuff and I tell him, "Sorry, but this lane is now closed" and gesture to the other many open lanes for him to use.
He looks at me with a smirk and says, "Nice try, I'm with them" pointing to the last two people in line.
Protip: "Nice try" is not the thing to say when you want to get into a closed lane. Especially when you have more than ten items.
The checker at the register might not enforce the "Less than 10" rule, but I sure as hell will.
Suffice it to say he did not get to go in line.
Edit: I can't spell.

Ah. I see she was on a tile that was accidently marked as 'water' by the devs instead of 'grass'. Not a very common glitch in this release but it still happens.

Brass-Bugler
FTFY

I'm not your jackass, sir

Member of the LDS church here. (Read: Mormon) this is basically exactly what we believe.

Wait a minute... You must be a member of the Yiga Clan!

Can confirm. From Utah. I know a Cortnie, and an Ily and an Eiliee (both pronounced the same).

/r/evenwithcontext

This Subreddit is predominately democratic secular Utahans. The bias shows.

I'm a younger Mormon and while I'm registered as a Republican so that I can vote in the primaries,
I'd like to see more blue and yellow in this state so I can be registered as an independent.

You know, a year and a half ago it was.

Mormon here. The laws suck. (And the church itself promotes freedom of choice.
Members of the church in Utah get very extreme and it makes me sad)

This is one of the strangest threads I've ever seen on Reddit.

We do. We can also do negative totals. (For returns as well) it just requires a manager override.

Username checks out.

Can confirm.
Source: was a beta tester for the official app.

Try this it's more minimalist and not completely worthless.

Except Guardians...

They still could've made more than nine...

You get bonus points for the "Everything is Awesome Parade and fun run"

I think it would be really cool to have a post game story with the Yiga clan where you find out how far they've actually infiltrated Hyrule and you have to...
I dunno kill them all or something.

I work at a grocery store. We sell US stamps out of our checkstands. But only only in full $9.80 books.
Our service desk is also a post office and mails individual letters.

This is the bot that we all deserve.

Being decent in programming doesn't mean you know how to program VB.

...And you're fired.

Use a password manager! There are even some that have chrome/Firefox extensions!

And I'll be the only guy to mention that Now For Reddit exists.

Firefox is owned by Mozilla.

Where'd the bot go?

What about blind swans? Can they know they are gay?

The Book of Mormon translation one is of particular note. Many members of the church are staunch defenders of the Book of Mormon (as they should be, it's honestly an amazing book) without realizing or understanding the history of the translation.

Mormon here! The concept of eternal sealing is actually brought up in the Book of Mormon:
Helaman 10 talks about it in great detail, but the big verses are 7-9
7 Behold, I give unto you power, that whatsoever ye shall seal on earth shall be sealed in heaven;
and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven; and thus shall ye have power among this people.
8 And thus, if ye shall say unto this temple it shall be rent in twain, it shall be done.
9 And if ye shall say unto this mountain, Be thou cast down and become smooth, it shall be done.

Um... That's not what's going on there at all.

Emacs and Nano both.

Paging... I dunno. u/JimmyFallon ?

No.

Why would you say this?

There's always someone...

I understood that reference!

I worked an express lane at my grocery store yesterday that had about $1500 in it. Mostly in large bills.
Granted at the start of every transaction the till would kindly let me know that I needed a cash pickup.

Utahan here. Never heard that in my life.

Neither would a port of sm4sh.

We didn't need a new Mario Kart either, but we technically got one.

Could it be... Malasadas on Reddit?

Dude, just stop

Username checks out.

said EA CEO Andrew Wilson. "We have a tremendous relationship with Nintendo and have done for many, many years
Hahahahahaha.

http://bfy.tw/Blak

I work self checkouts all the time. You'd be surprised.

I closed a set of self checkouts today. Protip: the Self checkouts are never faster.

No.

You're also using it wrong.

How about, it needs an upscaler in the dock and more than two games.

What I'm getting at is it's not doctrine of the church. I get the whole relief society thing.
It's honestly one of the worst parts of living in Utah as a member of the church.

It won't. It's usually not terribly visible by the beginning of June. Though if you go hiking you can find it sometimes as late as mid-July.

Mormon here, if they're not nice to you behind your back, it's not the churches fault.

Then you'll love this

She just clipped through the wall to skip the 'escape room' sidequest.

https://xkcd.com/1357/

I know with shows like The Tonight Show the Network (NBC) makes the show and then it goes to the stations.
Jimmy Fallon has a contract with NBC to host The Tonight Show and its up to NBC to renew him/cut him and distribute the show.

Lieutenant Colonel Jack Sparrow.

Now For Reddit shows the length by default.

Wait a minute... You're not the same guy!

Should we tell him?

Yes.

Man. Should've used the Richard Stallman copypasta.

TL;DR: RTFM

Funny because if you look in the background there's a guy in a BYU shirt.

I

[Obligatory VIM comment]

Username checks out.

This one
Did you know you can just print shirts?

lmgtfy.com

You know... I heard somewhere that Google actually just updated Earth.

TIL they kept the quick spin in Breath of the Wild.

/r/shittyaskscience

Is guilty and everyone knows it.
https://xkcd.com/1288/

Maybe fight then flight.

1. No it's not.

You could wait a year and install Ubuntu 18.04 LTS with GNOME. If you're a fan of GNOME.

My neighbor still speaks Japanese from his mission years ago. He converted three years before his mission.

Solution: remove Moblins from the game.

Wait... You can actually pet the dogs in this game?

I was looking for this.

Fallon used to. He did it during both during his Late Night run and during the Tonight Show.

The monster masks probably just change a global flag with that kind of monster. Line of site wouldn't necessarily matter at that point.

Username checks out. :)

Perhaps an ultimate answer, of sorts.

Username checks out.

You can get fangs. If you get a fang from all three dragons and cook them with a giant ancient core, you'll make a key that can be used to enter guardians

I did ride horses for a bit. But now I have enough shrines that I just fast travel.

"Is going to be" is the operative phrase there. The only "cloud" functionality the Switch has is a WiFi indicator in the corner of the home menu.

No. But we found out about this like March 3rd. This is the early April fools joke that keeps on going.

The Nintendo GameCube would like a word with you.

If you've played Breath of the Wild, probably not.

Maybe (because) it set a standard?
I dunno. Except for the whole 3D thing, almost anything people cite OoT for A Link to the Past did first.

Wind Waker items are also on the TP game disc. Bomb bag, bait, even the Wind Waker itself.

You almost became a Darwin award winner.

When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot, then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if I'm leaving.
--Steven Wright

My Subaru Outback and Adaptive Cruise Control laugh at you.

That. And you can't win against Linus. This is the guy that publicly told NVIDIA to Fuck itself.

That's what I was thinking.

There it is.

All hail the Republic!
r/empiredidnothingwrong would like a word with you.

I understood that reference!

Shh! Don't give them any ideas for hard mode! It's freaky enough as is!

r/totallynotrobots is leaking again.

/r/shittyaskscience

And after twenty years, what lesson do we learn from this, Nintendo?
Don't use time travel where it isn't needed.

Username checks out?

As if anyone would read the release notes.

Not here, apparently.

Did you know the guardians shoot back if you hit them with an arrow? I didn't until I got my sorry butt blasted off the tower again.

I haven't even tried. I was about to jump off toward the Village then I said, "What's that?" And have been journeying west ever since.

Yeah but it's scary as hell the first time.

It took me half an hour to get up the Central tower because of those Damn Guardians.

Wait a minute... You're not a real bot!

Well that clears that up.

I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically.
Damn, who hurt you, AutoModerator?

KBYU FTW!

But you can never leave!

Ha! Well as a free kingdomer we use swords which are more advanced than your hushlander guns.

Too much of a hassle and they make their money whether they take reservations or not.

I'm getting my Nintendo Switch Shipped, Bitches.
Because I have better things to do then stand at a Gamestop at midnight with a couple hundred people who also do not want to be there.

That would be too easy.

Cashier here, we have a guy who actually requested Jenny's number from the phone company.
We also have another guy who used the other area code of my state and registered his card with that number.

This guy talks a lot about food

Yes. The bank has a liquor store. Because that's how banks work. Especially the ones in Utah.

I think that was what we call 'sarcasm'.

Yep! We had to kick someone out of our store yesterday. He may have wanted to stay. But he'd been there for two hours and was harassing customers.

r/totallynotrobots

Can confirm.
Source: am avid hiker.
Other source: live in Utah where we occasionally have hungry bears come down anyway because they're bears.

(If you can't be elitist about vi, what can you be elitist about?)
*nix.
r/linuxmasterrace

THIS IS A SAFE SPACE?
FTFY.

I don't either, but how do you pronounce it? I've always pronounced it /etsee.

IIRC the old version (in use) is kept in RAM and the files aren't officially changed until the old version is closed.
Some applications (Firefox, for instance) can tell when they've been updated and will prompt you to restart from within the application

then they can screw themselves because it's not even their job to put it back! Grocery stores have people for that!
Cashier at a Grocery store. When we have nothing better to do (Slow night, etc) we are sent to put the Go-Backs back.

Stephan Colbert?

As a self-check cashier, that button doesn't do shit.

I read an r/askreddit thread about that recently...

Was teacher... Liked kids.
Maybe phrase that one a little differently?

I work in a grocery store with an artisan bakery. Our morning baker works something along the lines of 2200-0400.

Just closed a self serve. And yeah... You're right. Even if there's lines it's all good because it's not my responsibility to keep things moving.

the POS was just being a POS.
Cashier here. Can confirm. 'Point of Sale' is a pile of crap.

To be fair, that isn't that long. When you see it four times do you know that you've Reddited a while.

I had to ask, but yes.

My mom's vision is >-8 in both eyes.
My dad has prefect vision excepting the horrible astigmatism in one eye.
So what do I get? -3.75 in both eyes and moderate to bad astigmatism in both eyes.

Damn it. You got r/totallynotrobots to leak again.

I will say all the flavors are coming out the same day.

You probably got it from a local University. The school that sells them near me charges three bucks a pop. This twelve pack cost me twelve.

All I can say is soon.

No, Bush was absolutely a terrible president.
No he wasn't. Andrew "Trail of Tears" Jackson was a terrible President.
Bush may have made many questionable decisions. But I would submit that FDR did as well. He not only oversaw the Great Depression, but also World War II.
President isn't the easiest job.

Yes.

Username checks out.

Well I'll be damned.

/r/unexpectedlinux

New SUPER Stationary Combocube 64i U SP

Many high school students work after school. If they end later, that is less time they can work.
I work from four to ten most weekdays that I work. I don't work every day, and I am not allowed to be scheduled past ten.
If I could work until my store closes at midnight every night and have to be at school at 0930, I would take it in a heartbeat.
If school got out at four instead it would just be my normal schedule shifted two hours in my favor.

Um... No. It sounds like he knows how to use a damn highway.

Man! And I thought we had a real Darwin award winner here!

https://xkcd.com/699/

I got Discovery for around 18 USD and RAM for about 25 USD.

I am a member and this is true. And plus, who doesn't like video games?

That and quite a bit of Mormon proselyting is done over the internet and through member referrals nowadays. Most missionaries hate knocking on doors.

Oh and d) ambien is a hell of a drug.
There it is.

Who hurt you?

Then it seems as though I work at one of your competitors because I get paid more than basically all of the stores in my area and I have very flexible hours. (Though I would agree, pulling strings is a valuable skill)

I work front end at a grocery store right now, and while I wouldn't pursue this as a career I really do like my job.

I use Now for Reddit. To be that one guy that says he uses Now for Reddit after all the other clients have been named.

It even works for us! We went to war with ourselves and lost.

Even when cleaning a gun in my house, if I wouldn't want to shoot it on purpose, I wouldn't point it at it while cleaning.
Now if you're chambering a round in your own house you have a different issue because why the hell are you chambering a round in your own house?

It's capacitive, so yes.

I work as a cashier in a local chain of Grocery stores and I actually enjoy my job. I wouldn't make a career out of it, mind you, I have better things to do later on.
But I like all most of my managers and we have a loyal customer base.

Yep. This is me. Can't take compliments.

Found the true tech nerd.
Also r/linuxmasterrace

You know, non sequiturs are like bicycles.
Neither of them bathe.

If Google Play Music is your choice, I believe that the OSTs are on YouTube Music which is included with the YouTube Red Subscription you also get.

/r/shittyaskscience

NARPAS SWORD

That's uh... When does the narwhal bacon.

You must be new here, huh?

It's as if he's bonding us to the books...

I think all of my CSMs would have just flat out denied it.
This is probably because my store, in the state of Utah, is rather fond of its liquor license.

Anything by Bridgit Mendler.

https://www.google.com/chrome/
https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/products/
Found a couple fixes for you.

Are you currently standing in a pool of water?
What if the house has a pool?

Yes. A second bishop is called. The quorum is divided and the ward with it.

Username Checks out.

Really though! I cashier for that much too and I make three dollars an hour extra on holidays.

Darwin (The Underlying Kernel in MacOS) Is licensed under the Apple Public Source License (APSL) Version 2.0. Much of the base system is as well,
which puts the base system of MacOS firmly in the "Open Source" category, and also puts MacOS itself in the "Hybrid Source" Section.

I believe UNIX manifests herself quite nicely in a little-known operating system called OS X.

Even if some people manage to make systems with the Linux kernel and absutely no GNU software, that doesn't interest me.
Like Google. Who wrote the Android Open Source Project. The most widely used Operating System in the world. And I wouldn't say they "Managed" to do it either.

There are several Linux Based Distributions and Implementations that don't use GNU at all. (See Android, BusyBox, implementations within ATMs and Card Pinpads)
Really it seems as though Linux is the Kernel and GNU is but one of its Systems.

The "GNU/" in "GNU/Linux" is actually silent. Why? Because it's irrelevant.

Female actually means something in biological terms, in all mammals. Having a penis is not part if it.
To be "female" literally just means that your Sex cells are larger then your mates. Eggs are bigger than sperm, therefore if you produce eggs you are female.
Take a look at seahorses. The female has the bigger cells, but it is actually the female that impregnates the male.
(I mean, they're fish, so he's not really "pregnant" per say) the fact that he's male has nothing to do with his responsibilities as the primary caregiver,
it's because his sex cells are smaller than the females.

I'm getting the vibe that he doesn't really know what the Tables worth. If it works it'll end up costing me about as much as the Jensen sell price.

So I have some new LPs for Christmas and I want to finally move away from the terrible Jensen Turntable that I have and get something a little more... not a total piece of Crap.
When looking at local classifieds I found a Pioneer PL-516 Turntable that's missing the "Needle" and "Turning belt" as the seller puts it.
How easy are these really to replace, and for the price, is this even a good Turntable in general? Thanks!

I'm not saying that you would do it I'm just saying that you can. Generally compiling from source creates more problems than it solves

In Linux many of your programs have source code out there. If an app breaks because of an upgrade,
you can just recompile the source code and nine times out of 10 it will work

You must be popular with women.

Yours should be "TellYourWifiLoveHer"

You know, in Utah we call that "Fry Sauce"

Would you rather have Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States?

My friend just lost her best friend to what appears to be an accident. I'll need to keep this in mind, thank you.

I'm on Lollipop right now. Though I have a permission manager it seems as though I don't even have that option.

Oh! You're right! I just read something wrong. Thank you for your reply though, you're great.

He does if you look in Nova Settings he has a donate tab at the bottom.

I stopped getting those things. Stupid Google.

Hey! Love this idea, but it seems to not want to work on the Debian Based Distro (Ubuntu Mate) I have on my raspberry pi. Perhaps I'm missing something?
EDIT: Got some themes working, but a couple of questions: I can't seem to find the Tron theme, and I don't know what to do with the file it directs me to.
And second: Can these themes work on PuTTY? With my tinkering around in it, it hasn't seemed to work.
Thanks again for showing this off, it's pretty cool!

I actually like the heat, but only if I have somewhere with AC to retreat to.

Take my word for it: it's not that great.

Ford because I don't like their cars
This is probably the most straightforward answer in this thread.

Username checks out.

Late to the scene. But was that picture proliferating around the internet of you wearing a BYU shirt legitimate?

Yeah... They're like the animal manifestation of a fart.

You don't get laid much, do you?

So you're saying I have a chance?

Nova Beta, Now for Reddit, Metal for Facebook and Twitter, Facebook Messenger (unfortunately), YouTube, Google Play Music, YT Music.

Username checks out. Flair.... Flair does not.

It's honestly a cultural thing. I love the gospel so much, but there are a lot of things that are cultural that drive me up the wall.
There's a difference between being a Disciple of Jesus Christ, and being a member of the church.

Conservative Mormon here. I've got a few:
Universal Health Care is a good idea. I think that States should run it, not the feds. But it's not evil.
Gay people are people too. They get the same rights as everyone else. While my religious convictions hold me to the concept and definition of marriage being between a man and a women, you should not treat a gay person like a sack of crap because they're gay. And legally you can't either.
Weed is okay. I'm not encouraging anybody to go out and smoke it. And I have very firm ideas about being addicted to anything (I'm against it). But we're doing more harm than good by banning weed. And pot as a medicinal substance is a miracle drug.
I am for gun control. It's not what you think, but I'm for it. I think that there should be state guided, mandatory education on weapons. How to use them. Why we have them. And a skills portion. You should be able to pass any and all of the tests with what is classically considered an A (91% or above) If you don't, you fail and get to do it all over again. Have you failed? Good for you, you don't get to own a gun. This is not a grand plan I have all ready, this is purely conceptual. But I think that many problems that we have could be solved with hands on education. And of course if you've committed felonies or anything like that you lose your right to own a gun.
And lastly, and this seems to be a big one some places around here. Just because you think that the Democrats are evil, does not mean Republicans are not. We forget that the Republicans wrote and passed the single greatest act of Socialism fascism in American History not even 20 years ago: The USA-PATRIOT ACT. And just because you call the Democrats Extremists, does not mean you're not either.
Edit: Yes. The Patriot act was not socialism, it was more fascist. It was late, okay?

If he is then clearly he wouldn't make the cut anyway.

I'm on the other side of the Rockies in Utah and they have it here too.
They're just losing horribly to other local security companies like Vivint and Northstar.

One beer all at once would cause alcohol poisoning?
















